---
title: "10월 1주차 논문 소개(지동준)"
layout: textlay
date: 2020-10-07 08:26:28 -0400
permalink: /materials/article_10-1_20
---

# Author : Dongjun Jee

## JRSS-B

### Title : [Visualizing the effects of predictor variables in black box supervised learning models](https://rss.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/rssb.12377)  

#### Guide

> In black box supervised learning (including neural network), it is difficult to visualize the effects of predictor variables compared to regression. Therefore, interpretability of result maybe challenging. Common way to visualize effect is partial dependence plot. However, partial dependence plot produces erroneous results when variables are correlated. In this paper, they devised new method to visualize the effect of predictor variables. 

-----------------------------

### Title : [A simple new approach to variable selection in regression, with application to genetic fine mapping](https://rss.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/rssb.12388)  

#### Guide
> In this paper, they discuss new approach to variable selection in linear regression. They design model called SuSiE and corresponding fitting procedure (iterative selection). Instead of selecting a single variable at each step, it computes a distribution on variables that captures uncertainty in which variable to select. Their methods work well for highly correlated and detectable effects are sparse so they showed application in genetic fine mapping.

-----------------------------
### Title : [A flexible framework for hypothesis testing in high dimensions](https://rss.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/rssb.12373)  

#### Guide
> In this paper, they consider high dimensional linear regression model. (where number of parameters exceed number of samples). Under the assumption that model is approximately sparse (effect of covariates can be approximated by a relatively small number of covariates whose identity unknown), they develop a framework for testing hypotheses regarding the model parameters and analyze type 1 error and power of the test.

-----------------------------
## Nature Communications

### Title : [Representation of features as images with neighborhood dependencies for compatibility with convolutional neural networks](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41467-020-18197-y)

#### Guide
> This paper is very interesting. Convolution Neural Network works very well in classification of images. However, CNN is used with image and is unsuitable for predictive modelling using features without spatial correlations. In this paper, author suggests a feature representation approach such that high-dimensional vectors are arranged into a compact image for conducible for CNN. 

-----------------------------

### Title : [Explainable artificial intelligence model to predict acute critical illness from electronic health records](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41467-020-17431-x)

#### Guide
> Early clinical prediction is typically based on manually calculated screening metrics that simply weight these parameters. (Example : EWS which predicts based on sum of score. If score is high, patients require escalated response in emergency room). AI trained on electronic health records offers high levels of predictive performance. However, black-box predictions cannot readily be explained to clinicians. In this paper, they developed explainable AI early warning score that also output explanation of its prediction. 

-----------------------------

## Biometrika 

### Title : [A nonparametric approach to high-dimensional k-sample comparison problems](https://academic.oup.com/biomet/article/107/3/555/5856303)  

#### Guide
> Consider k mutually independent population with different number of high dimensional samples. In this paper, they construct nonparametric test using graph. This paper describes test that works on K comparison and when dimension is larger than sample size. Requires some more study about previous graph based test on 2-sample comparison test. Several references are given in the paper for previous works. 
