---
title: "9월 2주차 논문 소개(홍재형)"
layout: textlay
date: 2020-09-15 22:00:28 -0400
permalink: /materials/article_9-2_20
---

# Author : Jaehyung Hong

## Proceedings of Machine Learning Reasearch
### Title : [Decoupled Weight Decay Regularization](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1711.05101.pdf)

#### Abstract
> Abstract : L2 regularization and weight decay regularization are equivalent for standard stochastic gradient descent (when rescaled by the learning rate), but as we demonstrate this is not the case for adaptive gradient algorithms, such as Adam. 
> While common implementations of these algorithms employ L2 regularization (often calling it “weight decay” in what may be misleading due to the inequivalence we expose), we propose a simple modification to recover the original formulation of weight decay regularization by decoupling the weight decay from the optimization steps taken w.r.t. the loss function.
> We provide empirical evidence that our proposed modification (i) decouples the optimal choice of weight decay factor from the setting of the learning rate for both standard SGD and Adam and (ii) substantially improves Adam’s generalization performance, allowing it to compete with SGD with momentum on image classification datasets (on which it was previously typically outperformed by the latter). Our proposed decoupled weight decay has already been adopted by many researchers, and the community has implemented it in TensorFlow and PyTorch;
> The complete source code for our experiments is available at [github](https://github.com/loshchil/AdamW-and-SGDW)

#### Guide : 
> Adam optimizer의 weighted decay를 추가한 AdamW optimizer를 소개한 논문. 이 논문에서는 AdamW가 Adam보다 더 좋은 performance를 보여주는 결과들을 소개하고 있다. 
> 특히, 논문에서 인상적인 부분은 Adam + regularization과 AdamW의 차이를 보이는 부분이다.

-----------------------------

## Journal of American Statistical Association

### Title : [Gene-Based Association Testing of Dichotomous Traits With Generalized Functional Linear Mixed Models Using Extended Pedigrees: Applications to Age-Related Macular Degeneration](https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/01621459.2020.1799809)

#### Abstract

> Genetics plays a role in age-related macular degeneration (AMD), a common cause of blindness in the elderly. There is a need for powerful methods for carrying out region-based association tests between a dichotomous trait like AMD and genetic variants on family data. Here, we apply our new generalized functional linear mixed models (GFLMM) developed to test for gene-based association in a set of AMD families. Using common and rare variants, we observe significant association with two known AMD genes: CFH and ARMS2. Using rare variants, we find suggestive signals in four genes: ASAH1, CLEC6A, TMEM63C, and SGSM1. Intriguingly, ASAH1 is down-regulated in AMD aqueous humor, and ASAH1 deficiency leads to retinal inflammation and increased vulnerability to oxidative stress. These findings were made possible by our GFLMM which model the effect of a major gene as a fixed mean, the polygenic contributions as a random variation, and the correlation of pedigree members by kinship coefficients. Simulations indicate that the GFLMM likelihood ratio tests (LRTs) accurately control the Type I error rates. The LRTs have similar or higher power than existing retrospective kernel and burden statistics. Our GFLMM-based statistics provide a new tool for conducting family-based genetic studies of complex diseases. Supplementary materials for this article, including a standardized description of the materials available for reproducing the work, are available as an online supplement.

#### Guide

> Gene에 변형에 따른 AMD의 발생과의 관련성을 GFLMM model을 통해 분석한다. Functional analysis와 gene wise association model을 합친 GFLMM model을 이용하는 것이 핵심 파트.

--------------------

### Title : [Large-Scale Datastreams Surveillance via Pattern-Oriented-Sampling](https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/01621459.2020.1819295)

#### Abstract
> Monitoring large-scale datastreams with limited resources has become increasingly important for real-time detection of abnormal activities in many applications. Despite the availability of large datasets, the challenges associated with designing an efficient change-detection when clustering or spatial pattern exists are not yet well addressed. In this paper, a design-adaptive testing procedure is developed when only a limited number of streaming observations can be accessed at each time. We derive an optimal sampling strategy, the pattern-oriented-sampling, with which the proposed test possesses asymptotically and locally best power under alternatives. Then, a sequential change-detection procedure is proposed by integrating this test with generalized likelihood ratio approach. Benefiting from dynamically estimating the optimal sampling design, the proposed procedure is able to improve the sensitivity in detecting clustered changes compared with existing procedures. Its advantages are demonstrated in numerical simulations and a real data example. Ignoring the neighboring information of spatially structured data will tend to diminish the detection effectiveness of traditional detection procedures.

#### Guide
> Data가 live로 streaming되어 들어오는 경우, 기존의 많은 dataset을 처리하는 것 뿐만 아니라, 들어오는 data의 특징을 빠르게 찾아내는 것이 중요하다. 이러한 상황에서는 Machine learning의 활용 역시도 중요한 문제로 대두되고 있다. 이 논문에서는 optimal-sampling을 이용하여 이러한 상황을 해결하고자 한다.
